welcome back to the pba chameleon
championship time to meet our next
semifinalist he made a career-high seven
television shows Ernie to second C 3 3rd
class here from levittown PA meet the
real deal bill o Neill
this opponent owns 19 PBA Tour titles
including one major to time TBA player
of the year from barquisimeto Venezuela
on Leno monacelli and
I'm gonna tell you one of the most
popular players in the history of the PV
a selected number 21 in the pba's top 50
players of all time no shock there with
19th career titles including one major
you won the 1989 during Players
Championship and it was that year Rob
that he brought home the first of two
back-to-back Player of the Year title so
no borrachera won a title back in 2005
he lost his PBA Tour Sampson after in 06
07 season in which he battled an injury
to his hip and whose upper leg my mental
game was not there I didn't get if i
mated and it was perfect timing you know
the injury came and nothing actually the
injury came because I wasn't enough alia
wanna be there you know for some
whatever reason you know I was tired and
thing I knew that I was gonna get the H
pad because I love the competition a
lotta monticelli pircher beard he
reappeared for a pair of events last
season and he made it to the finals of
last season's US Open in April where he
finished pimp
now a few months later amleto is a
chameleon championship semifinalist but
he's not top form due to a painful arm
injury that threaten keep him from
competing the injury of direct result of
what he had to do to win with his
quarterfinal match own dream for the
lanes were hooking I mean I could even
say was unbelievable and I had to throw
the ball so hard and so straight that I
think I did something to attend them and
Rob just a Herculean effort by a true
legend he made a huge adjustment went
from hugging it he brought the heat
moved right through it straight and
that's what one of the match but
unfortunately he paid the price
so it's Mona celli versus O'Neill here's
how Randy and I called it just a few
moments ago what pain
and speaking with him letter he said the
lanes are dry there honking I can be
pretty soft with my release that's the
one thing that's going to help me
possibly get through this i don't have
to wrench out it i don't have to use a
lot of hand he says that's probably the
only chance I have that helps takes the
stress off that forearm but he is
clearly bothered by it we talked to him
before this match he said you know the
last tournament really started to flare
up continue to bowl couldn't continue
how to walk away once you get it checked
out they said it's not torn it's just an
overuse tendon from the forearm to the
bicep essentially to simplify it is
tendinitis so that's how it went for am
leto through the first two frames of
this semifinal match the third frame
would signal the beginning of the end
though at that point it became apparent
monticelli would not be competitive the
pain was just way too intense
gaayam leto would finish the match but
threw for four open frames for a Hall of
Famer Oh
but despite the pain Mona celli made it
through even managing to strike in the
tent my heart born in my physical game
was not there every shot through we just
heard like you have no idea at one point
that I was you know in tears 11 points
is hurt so much though he gave it is all
the superstar from Venezuela could only
manage a 142 2 o'neals 170 Bill O'Neill
though the gracious winner he knew that
amleto was capable of much much more was
it hampered by that injured another one
not want to win that way no thank you
O'Neill will take the win he will need
to do much better to beat Ronnie Russell
in the chameleon finals and claim his
first career title in the PBA Tour and
that final in its entirety along with
the Women's Title match is coming up as
the PBA chameleon championship continues